dnd d9 10/4/26

We are in the woods, directly outside of a village

IT TURNS OUT IT WAS THE BIG ONE THAT FUCKED ME UP, NOT A SMALLER GORILLA. SO THIS IS GOOD NEWS!!
SMALLER ONES WILL LIKELY NOT FUCK ME UP AS MUCH.

Used my raven to scope out, got a 9 perception. Tries to fly through, gets stuck on some branches.
Its some buildings, made of wood, there are creatures/people. Non-descript images.

I just say lets walk on over and try to introduce ourselves.
Dvorak tries to use perception to see what race the people are.
    - The village seems mixed race, but mainly human.
    - Takes a look around the tree line, nothing magic like, but the village has cut away the trees to help avoid spies, military like

Note: Central Melakir is known to be pretty magical

We head into the village
    - 19 Perception heading in
    Notice a small crowd, as we approach (theyre not paying attention), theirs a bloodbath, bodys strewn about, blood everywhere
    At the center of these bodies and blood, is a mad covered in blood just sitting there.
    2 other men talking to the man calmly

Nico stealthed into the crowd without any of us noticing

They are wearing simple/rugged clothing, more barbarian style. The man in the center is in a thick layer of blood with leathers.
Something out of the ordinary has happened, but no one is going crazy, there are murmurs.

Im going to stay back with Doppan on the outskirts, Dvorak has gone in a bit more, Nico had vanished.

Dvorak Scene:
    introduced himself
    Meets thorly
    "finry had lost his cool, sorry you met us at a bad time"
    "this is the village of karan"
    Finry - the guy in the center
    "he has a farm out east on the village"
    most of them are farmers
    
    He goes up to the guy
    He (the guy talking to Finry?) asks if he can identify the various body parts.
        They appear to belong to hobgoblins, all the damage done to them was done with bare hands
    "why would there be hobgoblins here?"
    theres been a lot of movements, he then asks do you know where or who
    Dvorak mentions its the 3rd legion of kur, east/ne of here
    "this is our first sighting of them, but would appear finry might be more familiar"
    this guy will hold us up in his house
    Chief Eckart, chief of the village
        - 18 insight check on this guy
        - trustworthy enough, believable, can feel a deep rage inside of him 
    Before Dvorak comes over, he examines finry (with 23 insight)
        - similar sense to eckart with deep rage (his is empty, hes on the comedown with a deep physical exhaustion)
        - naturally stronger man

Now Dvorak fills us in.

He then wanted a name and I suggested the Throbbing Cocks, he ordered Burgy to have an opinion and he agreed with me.
- Until further notice, that is our name (Nico can vote)

