dnd d6 (8/23/26)

We are headed east, I have no rations.
Barazir has a general store

I would like to go there and potentially long rest if possible.

* reminder that its a fey raven creature.

Dvorak's familiar is a squirrel creature, scrat.

* reminder, burgy is the dwarf apprentice

* PET Rules: if its in combat then it can be killed, otherwise it cant

Doppan is leading the way toward Barazir, it takes a couple hours
We find the town. Doppan leads us to the General Shop

Doppan has met the shopkeep, Mera. Modest Garments, copper amulet. Also a dwarf, short and stout.

I introduce myself and them (Dvorak and Nico are currently looking at her tits/amulet but cant notice anything)
- She pulls out warhammer after they were staring, to intimidate them and then points be in the direction of the rations/food.
- Each ration pack is 1days worth of food, they are mostly dry meats
- They are 7sp each
- BTW, she does have a wagon that goes about 50gp, and also has drugs which Dvorak is currently trying to buy

OPERATION SNAKE WAGON: USE DOPPAN'S SNAKE AS THE HORSE OF OUR HORSE AND CARRIAGE/WAGON
	- This is technically possible, if Doppan chooses not to use the Snake in combat it stays safe, otherwise it could die

- Dvoark bought some drugs while we were here


Now we are going onwards. Nico leads the way.
Slow pace, rougher path.

Currently still travelling through more rocky terrain (in a sort of valley). As we head further away the woods get thicker and thicker.


AREA 1:
We found some Kobolds guarding a broken cart.
The leader of it says his guys were the ones carrying it even though its broken.


Dvorak basically confused them to all hell, by deceiving them, saying he owns the road and were going to keep moving forward.
He said scalies only own things so we claim the snake owns doppan.


We passed through them unscathed.


AREA 2:
I got a nat 1 on new perception check.

Reptilian figure wearing robes, standing a top a cliff looking down.
Has a green claw mark going down his face (painted)

His name is Klak-Klak, he then also asked for a toll so I said that Dvorak is the owner of the roll.
Green-Green is his master, "The Great Green" one.

Tik is this guys assistant.


I had performed a song about his master and got a dirty 20, he liked it and so we only had to pay 10gp.

Then,
Lots of back and forth, and Tik, Tak, and Toe, the family. Slavery, ownership. Just a wild ride all things considered.
Dvorak was going to buy him and then at the end of the day we just paid 2 gold each (Dvorak 4 because of Burgy)


AREA 3:
Continuing through the forest paths. Got a 5 perception
Nico notices another group of Kobolds.

Surprise they want a toll...
I go quick through the rundown of all the other things that have happened so far.

Dvorak intimidates them (nat 20). The ones in the back are scared shitless, but the one in the front that were talking too is not as much..
He says 2 gold in a shaky voice.
And I just pay it so that we can move through.



I consume one of my rations, and want to settle down and get ready to camp (we go about an hour past where we were at the 3rd toll)
We are going to long rest here, its getting into night time.


The serpent hangs out around us as a guard while we sleep in the night, we wake up in a heavy mist
Got a 10 Arcana, but Nico and Dvorak notice this is a magical mist.


I ritual cast Detect Magic, takes 10min.  Its everywhere, as I look deeper theres 2 creatures i notice, illusionary magic, and 2 entities.

I start walking in the direction of the faint auras. Nico follows behind. 
Were now in a dome surrounded by the mist. The ground seems dead all around. An old man in a suit.

He has some clientele, that like to keep things lowkey.
Old timey black suit, black glasses, cannot see his eyes at all.

Theres a 2nd figure, a figure cloaked in darkness, with a white mask.


Dvorak now comes out of the mist and found us. Nico walks over to the table. The masked shadow thing, cuts the wings off a bird and attaches it to the rat.


Nico sets the rat of fire, we all see him vanish...


I try to ask him, and he just says hes not "here", I asked if hes on this plane of existence and he just did not reply.


The guy is selling. Reaches his hand into darkness and then pulls out a full staff. It lets you do bird calls.

The shadow guy, cups the rat, and then lets it fly off.

Then Dvorak asks again, and he pulls out a great sword, he rolls arcana, it seems okay. Its 60gp

He pulls out more, Eyes of Minute, they were 200gp

Dvorak ends up buying the Moonlight Greatsword.
- has a light effect

Im going to call him the *traveling salesman*.
Of fucking course the items he left are still floating in the air that he pulled out.





Nico was in pure darkness and then awoke at the camp.










